scripts/README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <h1>user//scripts</h1>
    <p>A collection of userscripts for various websites.</p>
</div>

## Installation

Install a userscript manager for your browser:

- [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/)
- [Violentmonkey](https://violentmonkey.github.io/)
- [Greasemonkey](https://www.greasespot.net/)  

\**Note, only tested with Tampermonkey*

## Site List

| Site | Script Install | Description |
| :---: | :---: | :---: |
| [Arxiv](https://arxiv.org/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/ArxivWebShortcut.user.js) | Adds a shortcut to the web version of the paper. |
| [Audible](https://www.audible.com/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/audibleBonus.user.js) | Adds a few buttons that make accessing/copying content easier. |
| [AniList](https://anilist.co/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/BanesAnilistChanges.user.js) | A couple of minor things that make my life easier.<br>May cause slowdown on some pages... |
| [Discord](https://discord.com/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/DiscordChan.user.js) | Makes messages starting with > look like a 4chan post. |
| [Infinite Craft](https://neal.fun/infinite-craft/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/InfiniteCraftPlus.user.js) | Adds a dark theme, search functionality, and an item counter. |
| [JB Hi-Fi](https://www.jbhifi.com.au/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/JBPlus.user.js) | Adds sorting options to your wishlist. |
| [JetSetRadio.live](https://jetsetradio.live/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/JSRLPlus.user.js) | Adds a volume slider to the radio, among other things. |
| [Photopea](https://www.photopea.com/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/PhotopeaTweaks.user.js) | Adds a few tweaks to the UI, such as custom predifined sizes when creating a new document. |
| [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/YouTubePlus.user.js) | Adds a button on Shorts to view it as a video, buttons for formatting comments, and displays the video's tags in the description. |
| [Moonbounce](https://moonbounce.gg/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/MoonbouncePlus.user.js) | At the moment, simply stores a list of items and recipes internally, and allows for the easy copying of that information to the clipboard. More to come! |

Commit message:

Add link to Dupe Styles to Shadow script

scripts/README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <h1>user//scripts</h1>
    <p>A collection of userscripts for various websites.</p>
</div>

## Installation

Install a userscript manager for your browser:

- [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/)
- [Violentmonkey](https://violentmonkey.github.io/)
- [Greasemonkey](https://www.greasespot.net/)  

\**Note, only tested with Tampermonkey*

## Site List

| Site | Script Install | Description |
| :---: | :---: | :--- |
| [Arxiv](https://arxiv.org/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/ArxivWebShortcut.user.js) | Adds a shortcut to the web version of the paper. |
| [Audible](https://www.audible.com/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/audibleBonus.user.js) | Adds a few buttons that make accessing/copying content easier. |
| [AniList](https://anilist.co/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/BanesAnilistChanges.user.js) | A couple of minor things that make my life easier.<br>May cause slowdown on some pages... |
| [Discord](https://discord.com/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/DiscordChan.user.js) | Makes messages starting with > look like a 4chan post. |
| [Infinite Craft](https://neal.fun/infinite-craft/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/InfiniteCraftPlus.user.js) | Adds a dark theme, search functionality, and an item counter. |
| [JB Hi-Fi](https://www.jbhifi.com.au/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/JBPlus.user.js) | Adds sorting options to your wishlist. |
| [JetSetRadio.live](https://jetsetradio.live/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/JSRLPlus.user.js) | Adds a volume slider to the radio, among other things. |
| [Moonbounce](https://moonbounce.gg/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/MoonbouncePlus.user.js) | At the moment, simply stores a list of items and recipes internally, and allows for the easy copying of that information to the clipboard. More to come! |
| [Photopea](https://www.photopea.com/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/PhotopeaTweaks.user.js) | Adds a few tweaks to the UI, such as custom predifined sizes when creating a new document. |
| [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/) | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/YouTubePlus.user.js) | Adds a button on Shorts to view it as a video, buttons for formatting comments, and displays the video's tags in the description. |

## Utilities

| Name | Script Install | Description |
| :---: | :---: | :--- |
| Duplicate Styles to Shadow | [Install](https://github.com/Jordy3D/user_____/raw/main/scripts/DuplicateStylestoShadow.user.js) | Duplicates all stylesheets to all Shadow Root elements (at least, at a basic level...) Will refresh every n milliseconds, to support live editing in tools like Stylus. |
